Gwenevere Abriel: Daniel
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, just, I just happened to wake up and look at my phone and I seem to cheer text. And I was like, All right, well, I might as well just go ahead and get up and start today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, how's your how's the back and legs and I was hearing a little bit of kind of you're overworking your body recently.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, I just think this is what it is just over
Daniel Guerrero: overworking, you know, trying to, well, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: I had been working my ass off so I can get this race.
Daniel Guerrero: And I mean I did get the race, but I didn't get what I was hoping for. But I did get some so
Daniel Guerrero: It was kind of encouragement. No, it's just encourages me to push a little bit harder. You know, so
Daniel Guerrero: And if I don't do it. Nobody's going to do it so
Daniel Guerrero: Just another reason for him to know now, you give me a racing couple more weeks or something.
Daniel Guerrero: I mean, because the company is doing really well you know we're doing. Yeah, we're a burger place. You know, so that's killing us don't even really like fast food is more like dying in food, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: But, uh,
Daniel Guerrero: We're doing really well because everywhere else is closed and close by. You can't go to like
Daniel Guerrero: He can't go inside and even any restaurant clovers. No.
Daniel Guerrero: I don't know if it's like that over there where you're at.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know. I don't go anywhere but Costco and Publix and pharmacy, yo.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I don't know.
Daniel Guerrero: And so
Daniel Guerrero: Our restaurants, kind of like designed so you can pull up and we don't have a dining area. So what you do is just kind of pull up know have a car. What comes out basically like Sonic I don't know if you know what Sonic is
Daniel Guerrero: Okay, so basically same concept, except you don't press the button. You know, we have
Daniel Guerrero: A car, how it comes to you.
Daniel Guerrero: And at that time, you know, you could dine in basically in your car, you know, and we will bring you food like entrees. But now, just everything goes you know to go so
Daniel Guerrero: Like, there's a couple businesses in town that are still open, but there's not a business like ours, it's open, where you can get, like, for example, homemade food. So because we do everything from scratch.
Daniel Guerrero: And so it kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: See kind of liking that. Because then there's not all this extra contact in a restaurant. So I kind of liked that gig. I can see why it's still doing well.
Daniel Guerrero: And then we're just
Daniel Guerrero: I mean, for us, we're doing
Daniel Guerrero: About 5000 a day. So, you know, that's, you know, to 2000 something in the morning and then my shield certain over 2009. So we're saying pretty busy and
Daniel Guerrero: I just honestly just think I'm just overdoing it, you know.
Daniel Guerrero: But they gave me some encouragement you know he gave me a little bit more money and
Daniel Guerrero: So it's quite a, quite a bit of encouragement. At the end of the day, it's just, I mean, we're talking just dollars, but those dollars. No add up so
Daniel Guerrero: It helps
Gwenevere Abriel: So Daniel I have, I have some ideas on a couple of different directions to go with you today.
Daniel Guerrero: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: One of them would be. There's a video I could show you that is just terribly moving
Gwenevere Abriel: And the intent behind it would be to validate you validate your experience. I can't remember how many years you spent in custody collectively, is it more than five or 10 like how many alternate together.
Daniel Guerrero: Oh, the most I've ever done in one chunk is by like a
Daniel Guerrero: By 20 months, I think.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So not a lot of. Not a lot.
Daniel Guerrero: But
Gwenevere Abriel: If you put all the time together. How many years or months. Would you say collective
Daniel Guerrero: Oh well, five and a half.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I'm not sure if he would relate to this video, but you might I know I was. I've got a few clients that some of them aren't in the program anymore. But I think about y'all, and I think
Gwenevere Abriel: I would love to have right heart health and prison.
Daniel Guerrero: Oh, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this is a little glimpse into how how that would look in a way
Gwenevere Abriel: And I feel good for you. If it would be like I yeah I'm not alone. There are other people that are feeling this. That's one thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't prepare it so it's sitting in a text.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it might take me a second to pull up
Gwenevere Abriel: The other one. Maybe I can be pulling that up and you could be doing something else to set up for another piece which is the
Gwenevere Abriel: The installing of positive
Gwenevere Abriel: Cognition, any chance. Okay. Couple of tall.
Daniel Guerrero: Already have it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so if you want, what I'll do is I'm just going to look over here if it takes me more than a couple minutes all I'll put a pin in it and I'll do it another time. But I'm thinking, I think, I think I know where it's sitting. I just have to just try and get there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Higher Self.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just
Gwenevere Abriel: An image.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me try on on my phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: So something I was considering bringing into a group
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: Everyone was
Gwenevere Abriel: Late
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean I I really liked it. I mean, but then I've worked with this pot, you know, oh yeah, let me see if I can find it on the internet. It's called
Gwenevere Abriel: See them. Yo, it's called step into step inside
Gwenevere Abriel: See if I can find it right quick.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go, share my screen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Up here, let me just make sure we got the right thing here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Face their path.
Gwenevere Abriel: With compassion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that a yes. Can you hear her. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, we're here to face or compact our cast with compassion. You can hear it because she's got kind of crunchy crunchy little voice, but she's obviously trying to protect it to a lot of people out there. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: During your first 18 years of life.
Gwenevere Abriel: As a parent, or other adult in the household often or very often would swear it to insult you put you down or humiliate you step inside the circle.
Gwenevere Abriel: As a parent, or other adults in the household often or very often flushed grabs or through something at you step inside the circle.
Gwenevere Abriel: If a parent or other adults in the household often or very often ever hitching so hard that you have marks or injured step inside the circle.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you often felt that no one in your family love to or thought you were important or special
Gwenevere Abriel: Circle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your family lives in extreme poverty step inside the circle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Step inside the circle step inside the circle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Circle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Man.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was abused as a young girl I was beaten by my mother. I was currently by my mother. I was sexually abused by another man.
Gwenevere Abriel: My father was an alcoholic. My mother was a rage aholic I've driven drunk. I've sold drugs. I was juvenile delinquent probably my story is similar to most of your stories in here I'm white, and I'm female and I didn't. Nothing happened to me so I you know I gotta get out of jail free card.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so I'm here now because I see myself in every one of you I want traumatize child.
Gwenevere Abriel: Child. My mother was traumatized.
Gwenevere Abriel: You Karen all this, you've taken it in
Gwenevere Abriel: Take a break.
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to think about your wife or anything.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: cheater practice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Squad.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's how I learned about
Gwenevere Abriel: Always asked myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Welcome to circle else
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: I look at my childhood. I'm like these people in the jar. Just like there was one step. I should have taken and it didn't take and I saw some of my brothers and my friends, take that step. And I felt like such a coward.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wasn't brave enough to be there with them when they took that step.
Gwenevere Abriel: Every round after that I took the most difficult to our traumas kept separate. Long as the conference all standing apart, once we begin to acknowledge our traumas publicly
Gwenevere Abriel: About us all closer together and presenting as opposed to showing you things reason we want to do them to walk in a circle and take each step forward was a reminder
Gwenevere Abriel: To ourselves that we still have the humanity worth love. Most people on our side don't understand. And we want to change. So we can reassign
Gwenevere Abriel: Better than what we left. I think one of the days and we were shoving that no shame and you had us yelling it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was free and us to
Gwenevere Abriel: It was point to where when I was looking at that and it was all looking at it in a circle. You can hear that echo no shame.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that was very calming especially coming from a little late, like
Gwenevere Abriel: Six months ago. I'm seeing the company.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like to meet people that understand what's that
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to do is get one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Spirits are not violent
Gwenevere Abriel: Spirits.
Daniel Guerrero: That's pretty powerful.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, there's a lot of us, you know that when we're in a prison. You know, there's something that you know we don't we don't face.
Daniel Guerrero: And there's even times that out here in this world. We still don't face them you know we we cover them up, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: We cover him up with ink you know we like to eat express how we feel. Well, or what we're saying.
Daniel Guerrero: And so it's pretty powerful. It's pretty tight like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Few me to, I think I have a real affinity for it because
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, I've worked with with
Gwenevere Abriel: In felony drunk for those 14 years. And for me, these are
Gwenevere Abriel: These are the people that I most comfortable with.
Gwenevere Abriel: The just so misunderstood in a system that fails them and it fails them again and the system fails again and family failed them and it's just back to back to back failures to
Gwenevere Abriel: Support that spiritual psychological, emotional growth of a person. And we just keep failing people over and over and over. And it's heartbreaking.
Gwenevere Abriel: What what stood out to you.
Daniel Guerrero: To me was
Daniel Guerrero: You know when you're ready, like these guys were ready to face, you know, their fears, because
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I could imagine how hard it was for them to step out you know and and say, I'm ready to, you know, face my fears that you know that has. That's a big step, you know, especially a prison, you know, because you want to put on this.
Daniel Guerrero: macho
Daniel Guerrero: Right. Oh.
Daniel Guerrero: So for them to, you know, to even step away from their daily activities inside of their, their daily cream and say, You know what, it's time for me to change. I don't care what you think I'm going to go out here face my fears, you know, face.
Daniel Guerrero: For me, that's, you know, that's pretty powerful because you know it's not easy. It's not easy to do that it's done, easy to walk away from your team and say I want to do something different, because I know that firsthand. You know, because
Daniel Guerrero: Here in New Mexico, you know, they
Daniel Guerrero: They the cars. The cars are in cities you know Albuquerque one car Santa Fe's another you know
Daniel Guerrero: And I'm from Texas, you know, so I don't make some people from New Mexico because I'm from Texas in
Daniel Guerrero: And in Texas, you know, in New Mexico prison systems were already hated know so
Daniel Guerrero: For me to walk away from from my ride in Texas and until my homeboy, say, you know what I'm going to step away from what you're doing and I wanted to do my own thing, you know.
Daniel Guerrero: It was pretty tough, you know, they're like, are you really going to do that, you know, you know, we need numbers were already outnumbered and for you to walk away from us.
Daniel Guerrero: Being from Texas, and I was just like,
Daniel Guerrero: You know i don't i don't know what to tell you know I'm saying, but it is what it is. And so
Daniel Guerrero: It was difficult for me to do that because I had to have was that, you know, depending on me, you know, because I got my back. I got Texas blasted this big on my back. Like, it's huge blasted said, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: I know back in my younger days and I was 28 when I first if the system. I was about it. You know, it's do it, whatever. And so for me to walk away from all that it was, you know, it was a
Daniel Guerrero: It was frightening but the same time, it was, it felt great. You know, so
Daniel Guerrero: That's a cool
Gwenevere Abriel: Gentleman that says
Gwenevere Abriel: We're all standing on out in the circle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Trauma kept us apart right
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: When we shared it publicly, meaning they took a step in, because you risk it all taking that step right
Daniel Guerrero: Right.
look weak.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: They all stepped in some didn't. But when they stepped in. He says the trauma kept us apart when we shared it publicly
Gwenevere Abriel: It brought us closer physically. I mean, that was such a great way they put it when we shared it, which means you letting go of shame when we shared it we fit. They physically stepped in and became closer and then in that last circle when when they're talking right
Gwenevere Abriel: I think what was powerful for me was
Gwenevere Abriel: The guy owning the fact that there was one that didn't step in, he still sad and shame. It didn't step in and he was like
Gwenevere Abriel: And then he saw other people moving in and he said, Okay, I need everybody's got the courage and then that bolstered his courage to move in.
Gwenevere Abriel: And acknowledge, basically it's a yes when you took a step in. It was a yes i was physically, emotionally abused. I mean, it was a yes that's a yes answer without saying it. They said, Yes, yes, yes. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me too. Me too, me too.
Daniel Guerrero: And that's a little bit of our problem is nowadays is
Daniel Guerrero: You know, and I say we because I'm talking about convicts, you know, and because I can relate to them so much. And that's our problem sometimes is that, you know, we're afraid to step into that circle and admit
Daniel Guerrero: That, you know, these are some of the heartbreaks that we have. You know what I mean. Because you know growing up, my whole life. I was told that I was going to amount to shit, you know, my whole life. I was told I was never going to be shit.
Daniel Guerrero: And you know that's something deep so again real deep and
Daniel Guerrero: Whenever you go to face those fears is like, do you want to expose this you know to other people know. Do you want to
Daniel Guerrero: And so
Daniel Guerrero: I can relate to where they're coming from, by not stepping into that circle because they're like, not me.
Daniel Guerrero: But in the end, they're like, Yeah, me too. You know, so I get that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you're left with that's that's a start, we say, okay, by sharing it publicly I abolished the shame or it's the beginning, it's a start to getting rid of Shame. Shame. Shame is a pretty resistant experience. But then what
Gwenevere Abriel: What do they do because now they have exposed the underbelly right now. What, how does the healing move forward.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's kind of what I want to work on with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I need to get a little note open for us today. Okay.
All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I started, I got one started
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go to introduce to Georgia.
Gwenevere Abriel: Looks like he described it to you and then we did a test run. Okay. Beautiful.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do this. Let's do something kind of pleasant, you can feel kind of good.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to do some installing a positive energy and imagery with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can I just get a sense that those objects are about from the palm of your hand.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so even when you sit back that adds
Gwenevere Abriel: Once you set this
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to kind of keep, keep your eyes that far away and then they're about shoulder width apart, so that your eyes are going to be going you know about quitting.
Daniel Guerrero: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I am going to ask a favor. I'm going to use the
Gwenevere Abriel: Restroom really quick and come back and 60 if you need to do anything for 60 seconds. Give a sip of water, something like that, you go do that and we'll be right back.
Gwenevere Abriel: To me and Dr. Okay.
Daniel Guerrero: All right.
Daniel Guerrero: You
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so Daniel this for this exercise. I'm, are you able
Gwenevere Abriel: To be alone. You're probably gonna
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, let me let me let me move into a different spot.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take your time worth it.
Daniel Guerrero: And everybody started get up so
Gwenevere Abriel: Take your time. I'm gonna start to kind of zeroing in on on what we're gonna do.
Daniel Guerrero: I did.
Daniel Guerrero: Okay.
Daniel Guerrero: There's no
Daniel Guerrero: Last night.
Daniel Guerrero: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: You're able to to focus
Gwenevere Abriel: RS if your are you sort of preoccupied.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what's going on.
Daniel Guerrero: No, not my daughter's just sitting there having a 16 year old temper tantrum.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it because we're
Gwenevere Abriel: In her room.
Daniel Guerrero: Oh no, oh no, it is
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, nice deep breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Another one. In through the nose. We met Aaron to the bottom of the long list.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's our intention.
Gwenevere Abriel: scan your body bringing awareness from the top of your head.
Gwenevere Abriel: And put your
Gwenevere Abriel: Forehead eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: cheekbones.
Gwenevere Abriel: scanning through your
Gwenevere Abriel: Attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: Changing energy you throat
Gwenevere Abriel: Shoulders.
Gwenevere Abriel: And into the into the lungs.
Gwenevere Abriel: All the way through biceps.
Gwenevere Abriel: Rib cage just have that whole sort of Superman scan you know just just go all the way through have that awareness into the belly arms the abdomen.
Gwenevere Abriel: The hips.
Gwenevere Abriel: The size.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't forget the arms and the hands just scanning
Gwenevere Abriel: Just turning inward to the body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keeps getting through the hands and legs to the knees and to the cats.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would invite you now to place your feet flat on the floor and make contact those feet the toes. The balls of the feet, the heels.
Gwenevere Abriel: Making contact
Gwenevere Abriel: With the earth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Expanding that awareness outside this room across the state and around the planet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just being present with the vastness of the connection and the gravitational pull, that's pulling you consistently to the center through gravity.
Gwenevere Abriel: And breathing again into that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Allow that gravity to pull through those shoulders. Notice it maybe for the first time, is it pulls those shoulders down to the center of the earth.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're a part of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keeping your eyes closed. I'm going to bring up some imagery for you. And I'd like you to hold it in your awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: If
Gwenevere Abriel: You think you're in just sounds will come and go. Just be aware and then let them go.
Gwenevere Abriel: To be at a protective figure this sense of grandma being around her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was a bit like a bear protecting her co
Gwenevere Abriel: There was a sense of protection safety a safe haven.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not only was grandma protective figure. She also hosts the qualities of nurturing figure
Gwenevere Abriel: She made sure you ate. She made sure you were okay
Gwenevere Abriel: You also have a sense of the smiling faces of your kids the excitement
Gwenevere Abriel: And a sense of my heaven.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's also Grandma as a figure of wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: She gave good advice taught you to pray.
Gwenevere Abriel: Believe in the Lord Jesus Christ.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bring that imagery in to your awareness and you as well being present with her.
Gwenevere Abriel: That visualization
Gwenevere Abriel: clear in your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when it is
Gwenevere Abriel: Open your eyes and at the pace that I set with my hand. Let's look at the tops of those objects.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just back and forth. Hold the imagery not looking at me looking at the tops of the objects.
Gwenevere Abriel: Holding the imagery of grandma.
Gwenevere Abriel: Protected protective nurturing and wise.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to slow the rate down a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Other thoughts may come and go, but your work is to bring those images.
Gwenevere Abriel: THOSE QUALITIES protection.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nurturing
Gwenevere Abriel: And wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: To your awareness just holding on to them.
Gwenevere Abriel: You interacting with grandma.
Gwenevere Abriel: With those qualities
Gwenevere Abriel: And with that awareness with that imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: had another awareness, which is how your body is doing just paying attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: To breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: To skin.
Gwenevere Abriel: To that gravity, maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever comes up is just right. You're doing a great job.
Gwenevere Abriel: Holding that imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: And attuning to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's breathe in together. Inhale and exhale, letting it all go
Gwenevere Abriel: Let your mind go blank for even a beat.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice breath natural breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let me know what ever comes up an image and awareness inside whatever comes up for you, I welcome it.
Daniel Guerrero: Was just like
Daniel Guerrero: Peace, you know, like
Daniel Guerrero: To me it was I just
Daniel Guerrero: Was just like being able to be still.
Able to
Daniel Guerrero: Have peace.
Daniel Guerrero: To be able to
Daniel Guerrero: Let my mind be free of worry, you know, so
Daniel Guerrero: That's, that's what I'm
Daniel Guerrero: That's what I feel. That's how I felt during this extra sentence was just
Hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're gonna go with that. So you go with that. And now again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now whatever comes up uncensored when I check in a little later. So going with that piece being still.
Gwenevere Abriel: Free of worry
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't need to look at me, just the tops of the objects. The pace will stay the same.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're doing great.
Gwenevere Abriel: tuning into
Gwenevere Abriel: What's coming up for you just paying attention to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just the tops of the objects just one than the other. No need to stop in the middle.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's the left right that's needed not me. I'm out of the peripheral vision.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just blue top
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's inhale together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Inhale and exhale, letting it all go
Gwenevere Abriel: Just noticed the first thought that crosses your mind. But first awareness Uncensored. What is that
Gwenevere Abriel: Where do you notice the peace.
Daniel Guerrero: Kind. Notice it in my heart, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: This
Daniel Guerrero: Mind, a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: On the actual bilateral stimulation. Want to make sure that you're not stopping in the middle and checking on me.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a little hard for me to see. I want to make sure we're we're being effective be noticing, you're only looking blue cap blue cap blue cap, you know, to linger in the middle.
Gwenevere Abriel: your peripheral vision will manage the pace, it'll pick up on what I'm doing and I announce it will stay the same.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, so you notice the peace in the heart. And then the mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any other thoughts or beliefs kind of wander through
Daniel Guerrero: Um, you know, for me it just kind of like
Daniel Guerrero: Just showed how how simple, you know, it is, you know, just to find that that area, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: Know, just a little bit of concentration, you know, you can find that area of
Daniel Guerrero: That piece, you know, instead of IT ALWAYS BEEN chaotic or, you know, has been
Daniel Guerrero: So,
Daniel Guerrero: For me, I just like you just take a few seconds to focus few seconds to
Daniel Guerrero: You know, take these breasts and stuff.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, you can find that area and so
Daniel Guerrero: It's hard for me. It's hard for me to have that, you know, it's hard for me to find that area.
Gwenevere Abriel: That simple concentration that leads to peace, that is hard for you. Right. Okay. We're going to do another iteration, which means same thing. So go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Means go without meaning you focus on whatever it is you just said.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're doing great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Awareness of things going on in your environment will come and go, then tune back in
Gwenevere Abriel: Tune into you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's coming up for you right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have to censor don't summarize. Just tell me what you're thinking.
Daniel Guerrero: I just, I just think it. I wish people could change their, you know, attitude, you know, change the way they think think the way they talk
Gwenevere Abriel: Like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right straight centers look straight with your head straight and then we want the ice left and right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going with that. Great job. Outstanding.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Left and right on the Jessica tops of those containers.
Gwenevere Abriel: And exhale
Gwenevere Abriel: Without censoring
Gwenevere Abriel: What comes up.
Daniel Guerrero: Guys, nothing.
Daniel Guerrero: Is focused. I was focused
Gwenevere Abriel: So I need to make one adjustment Daniel ready. I can see here's what your eyes are doing. They're going here, and only going on one side or not getting this am I getting by louder. I gotta make a slight change.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm suspecting and Mike because you might not be centered in front of the objects that let me just see.
Daniel Guerrero: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: There'll be a slight adjustment won't be a big one. It will be a subtle one but your eyes will feel going, you may need to pull those objects apart just slightly because I need this. See how am I going left and right.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it. You need to be more centered with them.
Daniel Guerrero: Maybe, maybe I'm just having to close together. Let me pull this table.
Gwenevere Abriel: Slightly maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: 1720 inches apart. Not sure. Maybe that might do it on you. You have to be centered
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, this takes a lot of effort but i don't i don't have
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I can't do it for anybody.
Daniel Guerrero: Right, I get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're doing great, though, you just won't reap the benefits of the reprocessing part if we don't have the bilateral piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so if you're centered because right now you are slightly off to the left. So maybe you move your chair over
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe that Ellen is just turning. Okay, so let me see your eyes look at the top of the of the containers.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does that feel like it's more left and right now with your adjustment.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does it
Daniel Guerrero: A little bit further apart now than
Daniel Guerrero: They were like this.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah. Yes. So,
Daniel Guerrero: I just don't have
Gwenevere Abriel: I really am I dead center between those two things.
You smell.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that phone if you if your nose that phone that you're looking at is right in front of your face.
Daniel Guerrero: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or is it slightly off to the left. Well,
Daniel Guerrero: So if I go this way, then you're on.
Gwenevere Abriel: I see. Okay, so we're good right there. Stop right there. Perfect. Okay. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's bring back. I wish people could change.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to hold that
Gwenevere Abriel: Right there, and then bring up imagery of grandma was a protective the nurturing and the wise. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna go with that you're going to try to hold those two things in your awareness. It does take effort she just see the piece that's really important is when I check in and I say what's coming up for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't go summarize for granted here. Tell me what you're thinking. And I might as well do it at different times, because I want to catch what's happening right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I just thought my dog. Oh, I just thought, what a little turkey. He is or. Oh, I hate this. I love this. Or, oh my gosh, I'm having this feeling the work for you is to not censor non summarize what you think I want to hear.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's whatever coming up. That's the part I want to know about won't be able to get into some some deeper things if you're summarizing what you think is kind of a fancy way to explain some
Gwenevere Abriel: I love that you said earlier, nothing. Right. Nothing was coming up. I was really focusing on just, yeah. So this is where the hard work is. And so we're going to go back to it again. It's
Gwenevere Abriel: I wish people could change and pulling together with it this imagery of grandma with nurturing with protection and wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Try to hold those in your awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Together in house with the nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhale out the mouth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Getting your mind go blank for even a beat.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then becoming aware of what shows up what sensation. What thought what imagery and you could share that with me.
Daniel Guerrero: Over me is it
Daniel Guerrero: Again, it's the way it's the way people act like
Daniel Guerrero: I don't know, I just I just feel like that, uh,
Daniel Guerrero: People are always on their bullshit. You know, for either attention or
Daniel Guerrero: I don't know where that's coming from, you know, it's just
Gwenevere Abriel: Go with that go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: People up front. Okay, I got you always with their bullshit you go with that hold that in your awareness and bring in weave it in
Gwenevere Abriel: This does take effort, you're doing amazing bring in
Gwenevere Abriel: fairness and quality.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of your protective figure, Grandma.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even if it changes shape and form just be present with that quality of wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: And nurturing which wants for you, your full potential and growth.
Gwenevere Abriel: being present with safety.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's coming up for you right now.
Daniel Guerrero: Um, you know, as I was thinking about it was biblical
Daniel Guerrero: Know comes out of relations, chapter six, it says pay attention to your own work, so that you can be satisfied by Job well done.
Daniel Guerrero: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: To
Daniel Guerrero: Just telling me you know
Daniel Guerrero: You pay attention to what you got going on, you know, worry about nobody else
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm feeling out what a lot. Let's go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go with that hold that up there in your awareness. Hold it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Breathe into the truth of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are going with right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do our last inhale together in half nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: And exhale slowest breath slow exhale
Gwenevere Abriel: All that out out out out out out out
Gwenevere Abriel: Let the mind go blank for even a moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like that quietness, the space between the thoughts space between the notes.
Gwenevere Abriel: tuning in, we come to a close today just scan the body that same Superman scan, maybe starting with the feet.
Gwenevere Abriel: The toes, the ankles scanning up Achilles heel.
Gwenevere Abriel: The calf, the knees hamstrings quadriceps seat bones or guts or stomach chest
Gwenevere Abriel: Her breath, our shoulders.
Gwenevere Abriel: And forget the hands and arms.
Gwenevere Abriel: For through shoulders.
Gwenevere Abriel: Larynx insurance, where we eat right we swallow and we breathe in our neck.
Gwenevere Abriel: And our jaw.
Gwenevere Abriel: your cheekbones and maybe into the ears, just tuning in, seeing if there's any charge left knee is sockets in the forehead and up to the top of the head.
Gwenevere Abriel: And final breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just pay attention to where they're still charge or maybe there's none. I don't know. You tell me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what you notice
Daniel Guerrero: This relaxation, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: From the last
Daniel Guerrero: You know, just pay attention to what you're doing. And so that you can be satisfied. You know, it's just from there. It's just like, it's just relaxing, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: Because sometimes I just feel like you're not too worried about the way other people are conducting themselves or worried about
Daniel Guerrero: You know how I feel about them as my opinion towards them know
Daniel Guerrero: You know, pretty, pretty blunt guy, you know, and so
Daniel Guerrero: I'm just going to step away from that a little bit and just worry about me, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So I've got, I know you have your, your Bible. If you want to augment that and add something to it. It's something you just said you just you spoke of
Gwenevere Abriel: Chapter six, and something about attend to your own word. This is this book right here is called The Four Agreements just simple little book, not much to its little guy.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know times are tough and finances are tight so I just want to show you something I've done me go spend money on the book. You can get this information straight up off the internet.
Gwenevere Abriel: And really all I'm inviting today is just
See if I can find just the cover of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Reflecting looks for things
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if this is a clear one I like this one. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know if you want. Do you have screenshot on your phone.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Great, you may want to do this one, that's up to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if the sun comes up clear
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's not bad. I can't find the one I just pulled this up earlier this week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes takes an undefined. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Grab another one. He ate.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something to reflect on you know to make something even right. It's not a whole Bible. It's a little book but you know this information can come in a lot of different forms.
Gwenevere Abriel: Grabbing just this one I want.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if this works. Can you see this thing.
Daniel Guerrero: Oh, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, you've got, I've got my whole screen up here. So I'm really what I wanted. But my point is, so here it is be impeccable with your word. You see it.
Daniel Guerrero: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Speak with integrity say only what you mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: Avoid using the word to speak against others or to gossip about others use the power word in the direction of truth and love.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't take anything personally nothing others do, is because of you. What other say and do is a projection of their own reality right as soon as you see someone's lips moving. That's their story.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Don't worry about their story. They got it. They're going to have their own storyline, you have your own perception. Hold on tight to that. Hold on tight don't abandon yourself. Don't abandon your intuition. Your awareness, your truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you are immune to the opinions and actions of others, you will be the victim of needless suffering.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't make assumptions, find the courage to ask questions and to ask to express what you really want.
Gwenevere Abriel: I really want reassurance. I really want a hug. I really want to just chill right let's not let's not get angry like people are supposed to know that. Let's ask
Gwenevere Abriel: And always do your best, your personal best your personal best might be tired.
Gwenevere Abriel: on a Wednesday morning
Gwenevere Abriel: So what
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes it's like that sometimes it's I got cramps in my leg, then that's your personal best for the day, it has to be that way because guess what, that's what is
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something to play with may want to kind of look at that as a somewhere to to explore a little further.
Daniel Guerrero: Maybe that book again.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is so cool. This is by this is called the The Four Agreements.
Gwenevere Abriel: Agreements you as soon as you type in in that you'll see it's it's everywhere, it's just got lovely little pieces in there, but it's so simple. I love how simple four agreements, it can really transform
Gwenevere Abriel: Your relationship with yourself, your relationship with with others, taking kind of complex things like what you were talking about in the Bible. And in this puts it in a really simple format.
Daniel Guerrero: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. All right. Let's schedule another time to meet, although I have a feeling we already have a couple of those in place.
Daniel Guerrero: Memory serves
Daniel Guerrero: April very like the six or something like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: April 30 at nine. I've got it in there and then
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm yes May six at night. Okay.
Daniel Guerrero: All right, cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Oh, it was a pleasure to talk with you. Be good to and if anything comes comes up. We did a really positive sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Installation so my guess is you probably won't have much of a negative experience that probably won't be an intrusive memories or anything, but um let me know if it does
Daniel Guerrero: There's no
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I look forward to seeing you later.
Daniel Guerrero: All right. Thank you. Bye.